He should be killed.
I've become certain of my
belief for the first time.
Over there.
Hey, what about my mom?
Mom, no!
I heard you wandered
around, driving a taxi.
Yes. I was looking for someone.
He was moved to the drain
after being killed.
The drain is dry, but his body is wet.
I have a strange ability.
I was sleeping last night,
and I suddenly saw the killer
leave the body in the drain.
Are you kidding me?
How did this man meet Park Il Do?
Where is Park Il Do?
He came from the ocean.
Park Il Do!
How did you know that?
How did you know he would poke his eyes?
I said I could see...
what possessed people do.
Park Il Do is in Priest
Choi's body, isn't he?
Priest Choi's little brother.
- His family died because of you. - Sir!
You made him an orphan.
I won't do it anymore.
Both the man and the girl might die.
I'll do it from now.
Please send Satan and demons...
and chase them away from this world.
Everyone who stays near him will die.
You are the same as us.
What were you doing?
I was just reacting to the possessed man.
Tell me your name!
Park Il Do!
Please call Detective Kang Gil Young.
Kim Young Soo will tell her
where his daughter is.
Did you eat today?
Yes.
You can eat food now.
Since the exorcism,
have you ever heard strange things?
Don't you see anything
like the illusions...
you saw last time?
I don't see...
anything.
It seems you're not possessed anymore.
My daughter...
Soo Jin.
I heard your daughter is in the hospital.
You'll see her soon.
Hello, sir.
Did you sleep in the night-duty room again?
Go home for a change.
I have to come to work anyway.
Did you hear about Kim Young Soo?
The prosecution didn't indict him.
- Really?
- They say he's unfit for the crime.
They told us to re-investigate the case.
I really don't understand
what this case is about.
You saw Kim Young Soo, right?
He was totally different from
when he was being interrogated.
He can't even talk properly now...
and cries and looks for his family.
Don't be so afraid of your dad.
He won't act strangely now.
Was it Dad...
who did that to my mom?
Well...
I know it's hard to understand,
but your dad didn't do it.
He was possessed by something evil.
I know things like that well.
Your dad did nothing wrong.
You don't believe me, do you?
I was possessed by something
like that before too.
So I did something bad to my family.
But...
I don't remember.
Your dad is probably the same as me.
He's under pain and is
suffering more than anyone.
You should go meet your dad later.
Okay?
Have you eaten?
I thought you would buy me
something fancy, but noodles?
Don't eat then.
I'm eating!
You have a temper.
You're single, right?
All men will run away from you.
My kid is in sixth grade.
His education expenses are killing me.
Really? I got divorced twice.
This conversation is boring.
You're the one who started it.
Just eat your noodles.
I've been a regular since I was a rookie.
This place is the best around here.
Rock-paper-scissors.
I'll be right back.
You even smile. I thought you
were a grumpy old detective.
- Do you want to get beaten up?
- No, ma'am.
What will happen to Kim Young Soo?
He won't be indicted and released.
I'll re-investigate him
and send him to jail.
But it's not Kim Young Soo's fault.
He did kill someone, so
he needs to be punished.
The victims need to see justice.
He lost his wife.
He's just a victim that was
possessed by an evil spirit.
I don't know about spirits
or whatever it is.
These types of cases are
the most difficult for me.
People die, and we can't
even solve the case.
Goodness. This is tough for me too.
I wish Sohn just possesses the bad guys.
What on earth is that? Sohn?
It's when a person is
possessed by a spirit.
That's what we call it in my hometown.
We say, "Sohn is coming."
So that thing came to Kim Young Soo?
And that's why he acted strangely?
Park Il Do is a superior spirit.
Park Il Do controls inferior spirits.
And inferior spirits possess human beings.
When I was young,
I was possessed by Park Il Do.
That's why you can see strange things?
Yes.
Park Il Do has possessed
someone else right now.
And it keeps killing people.
Did you see the case file?
I did.
But I'm not sure.
Park Il Do.
We must catch that Park Il Do.
An evil spirit...
I'll just catch criminals
that I can see with my eyes.
And besides that,
there are so many evil people...
in this world already.
Were you involved in a serious
incident in the past?
I can read people as soon as I see them.
I told you I'm psychic.
Forget it. Let's go.
- Thank you for the meal. - Bye.
You really won't go to the hospital?
You know that won't help.
I told you.
An exorcist priest meets
evil things all the time.
My body and soul become weak and fall ill.
Then you should stop working.
You've gotten too old.
Would it kill you to say politely?
If I hadn't become a priest, I
would've had a son your age.
I feel pity for that son already.
That's true though.
But...
who would do something like
this if it wasn't for me?
What about you? It's not too late to quit.
I already told you.
I have someone to find.
Can't you clean up in here?
Open the windows once in a while.
This is why you're sick.
Since you're here, can you
do the laundry for me?
- I have to go. - Come on.
Take your medicine.
Too bad.
Would it kill you to do the laundry?
How did you find me?
The parish council gave me this address.
You're quite the detective.
I'm good at things like that.
I came to thank you for
what you did last time.
There's no need.
I'm just finishing up what
Priest Han was doing.
If you're packing his
stuff, I'll help you out.
You'll be nothing but a distraction.
Please just leave.
How cold.
About Priest Han...
It's funny I say this,
but I hope you don't blame yourself.
That's what Priest Han would want as well.
What if I say I blame you?
I'm a big part of it. You're right.
But wouldn't he forgive me?
Both he and I risked our lives for this.
I could die tomorrow as well.
You're so self-centered.
It's all about you saving everyone...
and you risking your life.
Are you criticizing me now?
Why do you talk casually to me?
You've been doing that from the beginning.
You can talk casually too if you want.
Fine.
I'm leaving, Father.
During the last exorcism,
the superior spirit that controlled
Kim Young Soo disappeared.
Did you do something?
As superior spirits lose their
power, inferior spirits get weak.
I learned it from my experience.
Park Il Do.
Right. That thing called Park Il Do.
That's the one that killed Priest Han.
Where is it?
Park Il Do.
It's been possessing someone's
body for the past 20 years.
I'm looking for it too.
I'll let you know when I find it.
Everyone who stays near him will die.
He is just like us.
That taxi driver guy.
He provoked something very dangerous.
Mateo.
You shouldn't be involved.
Hey, you brat. Is that your car?
You had to at least tell me
before you took the car.
Well, I can't take a taxi.
Mine belongs to the company.
Make sure you fill the tank full afterward.
Or you can bring a plateful
of sashimi back to Seoul.
Sashimi? Your neighborhood is
full of sashimi restaurants.
I'm not going near any beach. I
don't even want to look at it.
By the way, why are you
suddenly heading there?
You don't like to go there.
When Kim Young Soo was possessed,
he said Priest Choi will soon
come to his little brother.
His little brother? Why?
I should go check myself.
You didn't say you were coming.
What brings you here?
What's that car?
Did you make some money?
I borrowed it.
I knew it.
I'm hungry. Give me some food.
It was humid and hot this morning.
Tomorrow is going to be hot as well.
It will be very sunny and...
How old is the television? It even works.
Impressive!
I told you to get a new one.
I don't have time for television.
I'm busy with the farm and the fishery.
Are you there?
Ozone is invisible, but...
Who is it?
Let's have a drink.
I brought some fish.
Well...
There will be no rain this week.
I can't. I have a guest.
Who is it?
The fine dust level dropped
from bad to normal.
Hello.
Hello. It's you.
All right. Then let's take a rain check.
There have been about 400 cases...
since the ozone warning system has started.
It's the highest record.
- Gosh. - According to the research,
compared to when there was no
heat wave, the ozone warning...
He looked at me as if he saw a ghost.
The neighbors and relatives
must be still afraid of me.
Never mind.
You won't even have thieves in this house.
They are too scared of me.
Don't you think?
Yes, you're right.
Besides, there are more
volatile organic compounds...
that evaporated in the air,
which increase ozone pollution.
To decrease ozone density...
What are these scars?
He did it to himself.
He did it to himself with his own force.
What are you doing up?
When you are old,
you don't sleep much.
And why did you come out?
It's too hot.
Don't wait for him. He's not coming back.
I wonder where your father
is and what he's doing.
I wonder if he doesn't starve himself.
He called you just once and that was it.
Don't wait for him.
Grandpa.
Run!
Grandpa!
Hey, where are you going
so early in the morning?
I have to go somewhere.
What about breakfast?
I don't eat breakfast. I'm leaving.
Hey, wait.
Take this.
- Fill up the tank with this. - Come on.
- I make good money too. - Just take it.
I'll call you later.
Oh, my.
When did he bring this?
What a waste of money.
It would have been nicer if
he had set this up for me.
Wait. Please wait.
Mom
- Stay away. - Mom.
Mom, no!
Mom!
Can I help you?
Well... I'm looking for someone
who used to live here.
Someone who lived here?
I don't know where he is either.
A relative came and took him...
as soon as he went to high school.
He hasn't visited since.
You don't have his number?
I think he changed his number.
I couldn't reach him.
Didn't he have any close
friends from this place?
Or from his school?
He didn't have any friends.
He didn't even talk to anyone.
He was traumatized or something.
Anyway, he didn't say a word like a mute...
and stayed alone in his room.
He was also bullied at school, and...
Why? Did something happen?
He attempted suicide.
After that, he went to the
hospital for treatment...
and went to the police
for the investigation.
I was so stressed because of him.
That young kid was so spiteful.
So are you covering that murder
case from a long time ago?
What newspaper are you from?
Oh, we're preparing an article
about past murder cases...
that are yet to be solved.
Rather than that...
Has this man ever come here?
That priest has never come here.
I see.
His older brother was a priest too, right?
He killed his parents...
Maybe it's because of his brother.
He seemed a bit...
What?
He gave me the creeps sometimes.
All the other students were scared of him.
He even talked to himself sometimes.
A dog we raised at the orphanage died,
and everyone was crying,
but he stared at the dead dog
expressionlessly for a long time.
The priest is...
on his way to...
his little brother!
Detective Kang, please listen to me.
Come on, just a second.
It's an abduction and murder. Two girls...
I told you I don't believe such things.
A woman was dead inside a trunk.
I saw it clearly.
You still don't believe me?
You saw what happened with
the Kim Young Soo case.
Whatever. A case like that wasn't reported.
That's because the body
hasn't yet been found.
The killer keeps the bodies
inside his car trunk.
This is driving me crazy.
Then can you check for any missing persons?
A short-haired girl in her early 20's.
She has a flower tattoo on her shoulder.
She's wearing jeans and a white shirt.
It was so vivid that I feel
like I saw it with my own eyes.
What are you doing?
Why are you here again?
Detective Kang left something
behind in my taxi.
Are you following Detective Kang?
- Sorry? - What?
Gosh, you have an odd taste...
Right. She does look attractive.
Still, if you get on her nerves,
she'll beat you to death.
Go home, I'll call you.
You must call me, okay?
- In her early 20's... - And short-haired.
Jeans and a white shirt.
And a small flower tattoo on her shoulder.
- There's no hit. - Really?
That's a relief.
Is this because of a case?
No, never mind.
A small flower tattoo on her shoulder?
We received a report today.
Her name is Kim Eun Soo, 25 years old.
Wearing a white shirt and jeans.
And she has a flower
tattoo on her shoulder.
Yes, did you check?
You were right. She is missing.
Where did she go missing?
She was last seen with a
friend late at night...
two days ago in Hantan-dong.
Her family couldn't reach her...
and reported her missing today.
She probably caught a taxi. The
taxi driver is the killer.
I checked the security cameras nearby.
There's no footage of her getting
in a taxi, and we lost track of it.
- What are you going to do?
- I have to search nearby.
But this is tough, since it's not my case.
Let's do it together. I'll help.
Hey, forget it. You're going
to make a mess like last time.
Are you already poking
around here and there?
What are you talking about? I'm working.
It's difficult to make a living lately.
Okay, you better not try anything.
Okay.
I'm sick of the same menu.
- What do you want to eat today?
- Let's eat anything.
Let's eat and hurry back.
Where were you?
I was looking into things.
What's wrong with him?
You don't know? It's
because you irritated him.
What did I do?
You found out that Kim Young
Soo's daughter was alive.
He was opposed to it.
He's embarrassed and angry at you.
I'd feel the same way if I were him.
Why can't he just say something to my face?
Watch that mouth of yours.
Come on. Join us for lunch.
We're having a team dinner tonight.
You should have a drink with us...
and butter up to the boss.
Why should I do that?
That's what we all do. Is there
something wrong with that?
Forget it. I already said hi.
I have to go. There's some
stuff I need to look into.
What are you up to lately?
Someone has been reported
missing, and it seems suspicious.
Are you making up cases
that haven't yet occurred?
You're a workaholic.
You're not even coming to dinner
and becoming a loner in our team.
I mean, you're not trying to
get along with the others.
Go and enjoy buttering up to our boss.
Don't speak like that.
I'm going to make you a loner.
- Bong Sang, don't be upset. - Whatever.
Excuse me.
Have you seen a taxi...
that has a stuffed monkey
on its rear-view mirror?
I'm sorry to interrupt you,
but have you seen a taxi
that has a stuffed monkey...
on its rear-view mirror?
No, I haven't.
Do you see that surveillance
camera out there?
To Bongin-dong please.
Sir, why are you going this way?
You should've turned right.
Where are you going?
What was that? You were
dozing, weren't you?
You passed it.
I'm sorry, but please get off here.
- What? - I won't charge you. Just get off!
Sir, why are you going this way?
Darn it. Where is it? Where has it gone to?
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
I was dozing off for a second.
What is he doing?
That little...
Hey!
That stupid jerk...
Darn it.
Dang!
- I found it. - Found what?
The culprit.
His car is right here.
You stupid jerk.
Who are you?
Where is Park Il Do?
Hwa Pyung.
You punk. I told you to be careful.
My goodness.
All right. I get it. Stay still.
You'll hurt yourself.
You have to stay still.
Hey! When are you going to pay me back?
You should have been careful.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
My brother is dying.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
Gosh.
Do you know him?
It wasn't you?
Why do you bother an injured person?
His condition seems serious.
Are you okay?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I thought...
Mr. Yun.
You need a thorough check-up.
It's okay. My brain is okay.
Do you think you're made of steel?
If you keep doing this,
you might drop dead.
Please be more careful.
That's not important right now.
- Did you call the detective? - I did.
There she comes.
What were you saying on the phone?
You found the culprit?
Did you get hurt?
The culprit hurt me.
I found a dead woman in his trunk.
That taxi driver kidnaps and murders women.
Did you really see it?
Do you have evidence?
You can find the culprit by
looking up his car, right?
That's a fake taxi.
The plate number must be fake too.
Please find him by all means, will you?
He got away before my very eyes.
If I had been just a little
faster, she would have lived.
I see there was an accident.
But it doesn't prove that he
kidnapped and murdered the woman.
I saw her dead body.
You don't believe me?
She has a flower tattoo on her arm.
You know she's been missing!
You don't want to get involved
because it's a tricky case?
What?
Why do both of you lose temper so easily?
Calm down.
He's already killed three people!
I need your help.
Otherwise, he'll kill more people.
Gosh, this is killing me.
Where are we?
Please drive carefully.
Careful.
Gosh. What's with you?
You know I've recently
had a hemorrhoidectomy.
Why are you doing this to me?
Why are we going to the junkyard?
I told you it's about an illegal taxi.
The license plate has expired too.
But we're not from the traffic department.
What does it have to do
with violent crimes?
Someone personally reported to me.
Who? Illegal taxi...
Taxi?
What was the name of that taxi driver?
It's Yun something. Did he report to you?
By the way, what's going on
between you two? Tell me.
Are you seeing each other?
Are you?
I'm right, aren't I? That's
why you can't say anything.
You just admitted it.
What are you talking about?
Please drive carefully.
It hurts.
You should do another driving test.
This car has already been scrapped.
What about the license plate?
It must have been scrapped too.
Did you scrap it yourself?
No. Someone else is in charge did.
What's the matter?
Can I talk to the person in charge?
Sure.
Hey. Where is Min Gu?
- You haven't seen him?
- He was here a moment ago.
- He was? - Yes.
Is he sleeping somewhere again?
- When did you last see him?
- About 10 minutes ago.
- 10 minutes ago? - Yes.
Gosh.
Where on earth did he go?
- What's wrong? - This is the one.
Are you sure?
Why? Where are you going?
Stop there!
Who are you?
- Why did you run away? - Stop it.
Stop it!
Stop!
What are you doing to my brother?
- Stop! - Look at me.
- Stop! - It's okay.
- Stop! - Calm down.
Stop!
Choi Min Gu.
Why did you run away earlier?
According to your brother,
you're in charge of
scrapping license plates.
Is that right?
Hey. Choi Min Gu.
- What did you do last night?
- An appointment.
I have an appointment.
What appointment?
I don't want to talk to a woman.
Do you like soccer?
My mom didn't let me watch soccer games...
and use the Internet.
So I called and complained.
I should've beat harder...
like my mom did to me.
What is he rambling on about?
I think that's why.
That jerk came yesterday!
That's because I called.
I should've beat harder...
like my mom did to me.
Have you ever seen this girl?
Come with me.
What are you doing with him right now?
Are you interrogating him?
Please pretend you don't know anything.
I thought you were after an illegal taxi.
According to his brother,
that boy can't drive.
- He doesn't even have a license.
- We never know.
Please be honest.
What was the picture of the girl?
Something happened, right?
Well... I mentioned that...
I was looking into some
missing person cases, right?
I think they're serial missing cases.
I'm suspecting the culprit
drives an illegal taxi.
Serial missing cases?
Has there been any report?
Yes. But it's not about a missing person.
Then?
It might be a kidnap and murder case.
There's a witness.
Who?
Are you talking about that taxi driver?
At 1am last night,
he saw a dead body in the culprit's trunk.
He said that he saw a dead body?
If he's telling the truth,
we've got the third victim.
But nothing is certain yet.
Exactly. Nothing is certain.
So send that boy back home.
We already have a bad name
after the Kim Young Soo case.
You can't do this without
reporting to the team manager.
We have the Bokmin-dong special
robbery and rape case.
Let's solve that first, okay?
He acts just like the culprit
from our previous case.
Gosh, this doesn't feel right.
Just send him back home.
This is going well.
There you go.
And then...
All right.
Yukgwang.
Gosh.
I can't move my body.
Yukgwang! Look at me!
You...
Gosh, you startled me.
What's wrong?
Did you have a night terror?
Did you see something?
I did.
I saw a spirit.
What kind?
The powerful one.
Park Il Do.
Where?
There.
- He was right there. - Hey.
Hey.
Is he still there?
Is he?
Gosh.
I pray to my ancestral spirits
Please scare away evil spirits
Gosh, what are you doing?
Sleep at your place from now on.
You're attracting spirits.
You're bringing all kinds of spirits here.
I don't want you to ruin my business.
Sleep at your place.
Gosh, stop it.
The salt is getting in my ears!
Gosh.
What is it?
- It's her. - Who is it?
You found him?
You said you can see
things through spirits.
What's the last thing you saw?
Any characteristics of the victim,
when and where she got in the taxi...
What?
I'll tell you. Just tell
me where he is first.
- I can't. - Why not?
If the third woman turns
out to be the same person,
the police will work on it.
Don't interfere with our investigation...
like the last time.
Without a dead body, you can't
start an investigation.
By the time the police gets involved,
there will be more victims already.
- What? - Forget it.
I'll find him myself.
You'll never be able to find that car.
Only the police can.
You'll never find it.
Gosh.
Hwaseon-dong intersection, 12:30am,
a young woman with short hair,
leopard patterned clothes.
Check all the security
cameras and witnesses.
Where is he?
One Two Junkyard in Yuseon-dong.
Is this the junkyard?
- Let's go. - Hold on.
I don't feel good about this.
Gosh, I'm going to die
early because of you.
Why did you come with me then?
Last time I sent you
alone, you hurt your head.
How could I send you alone again?
You're the only person who cares about me.
Cut it out.
I just don't want you to die
alone somewhere far away...
and cause me trouble.
- I should take this with me.
- What's that?
A peach branch that
reaches towards the east.
If I hit the guy on the back with this,
evil spirits will react.
I hope you're right. Let's go.
Gosh.
- Welcome. - Hello.
I need to replace the condenser.
For my air conditioner.
This place is famous among
journalists for having good parts.
We have all kinds. Some
are from foreign brands.
- Really? - Yes.
I need to replace my fender too.
- Can I look around a bit? - Sure.
Thanks.
See if anyone looks suspicious.
What are you going to do?
She wouldn't accept my present.
That's why I couldn't give it to her.
Is fishing fun?
Excuse me.
You're working so hard in this heat.
What are you listening to?
You little punk.
It's you, right?
He's recently changed, hasn't he?
The way he speaks and sees
things have become weird.
Why are you doing this?
Demons play with humans' weaknesses.
Your past would be too dangerous.
The spirit that moved from me
to someone else. Park Il Do.
I have to catch him.
If he was possessed, he'd
react to the hidden cross.
This case is not related to spirits.
I shouldn't have believed that nonsense.
Don't ever call me again.
You'll never find him.
He's going to die now!